Subaffiliate report needs to show the parent affiliate

Discipline:

Discipline didn't seem to be too much of an issue yesterday although I did note that one little girl got kicked out from the earlier class.  That stuff sticks with kids and dealing with a problem kid in the context of class is a part of what a teacher has to do.

Tone:

So much comes from being positive with kids and giving compliments.

There has been regular messaging to them about "If you lost it means you aren't as good as your opponent" which is really demeaning for the students that aren't as naturally talented or athletic as others.  Kids develop differently - and I say that as a coach and a parent of a kid who isn't the hallmark of "natural ability" in this regard.  But also kids like Jack, Evan and even athletic kids like Xander (who recently quit because he was so angry with himself for losing a match) really need a environment where the message is "You're good at this, stick to it, you're doing great."  It's a part of being a coach for a kid; believing that a kid is capable of so much more than anyone else expects.

I'll also note that demanding a particular demeanor from kids (that is remarkably similar to ones own demeanor) gives me pause.  In my mind, leaving room for the kids to be themselves and provide direction for where the day takes them is really the best sort of environment for learning.

Much is to be gathered from this endeavor.  And, particularly for kids, the measure of a great coach shouldn't be exclusively what a excellent athlete comes from the program.  The criteria for evaluation must be enormously biased in the well-being of individuals and personal growth that is accomplished in the time spent in the "classroom".

I'm just not getting a sense of that from the direction that the program is heading.


I'll say that I'm concerned.  I'm not sure that it's the right thing for Liam who is really sensitive and struggles with frustration and self-worth.






On Thu, Oct 26, 2017 at 9:41 AM, Aaron Milam <amilam09@gmail.com> wrote:
1. further thoughts on kids class tone and discipline?

2. the card i  have for you failed sept 26 and oct 26. need to update.

	Virus-free. www.avast.com
